### Bachelor's project
The aim of the project was to develop the „PiBrewPal“ beer fermentation monitoring device. It is a tool that should remotely monitor the temperature of the beer being brewed, stir it and send  notifications when a certain temperature threshold is crossed. During the time of the study, different phases of analysis, design and implementation were completed. The aim of the work is to develop the PiBrewPal device after the analysis of the devices for monitoring the beer fermentation process and the analysis of the beer fermentation process itself. 

The study starts with four objectives: to carry out a market analysis of beer fermentation optimisation tools and to find out whether such tools exist; to carry out an analysis of the beer fermentation process and to find out the right conditions for it to take place; to develop a design for a future tool to monitor the progress of the beer fermentation process on the basis of the analysis carried out; to develop a final tool on the basis of the design of the tool, using a Raspberry Pi small computer.

Observation, analysis, comparison and numerical modelling methods were used in the course of the work. These methods were necessary to complete the set tasks. The project was carried out using the Visual Studio Code programming environment, a Raspberry Pi 4 computer, a DS18B20 waterproof temperature sensor. The main programming language is Python and its library Flask, graphing library - Bokeh, main database - mariadb.

The PiBrewPal device is shown at the end of the paper. The device itself, the login and registration pages, the database and its management logic, real-time graphing, email messaging, session management were implemented and finished. The main conclusions of the work are: the analyses have identified the appropriate parameters for the beer fermentation process and identified five competitors of the designed device and compared their software features; the design of the PiBrewPal device has been developed; according to the design, the PiBrewPal device has been constructed.
